nixos/firewall: install nixos-firewall-tool for iptables by default (#268324)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2311.section.md

- `zfs` was updated from 2.1.x to 2.2.0, [enabling newer kernel support and adding new features](https://github.com/openzfs/zfs/releases/tag/zfs-2.2.0).

> - The iptables firewall module now installs `nixos-firewall-tool` package by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The iptables firewall module now installs the `nixos-firewall-tool` which allows the user to easily temporarily open ports through the firewall.
```

> - The iptables firewall module now installs the `nixos-firewall-tool` which allows the user to easily temporarily open ports through the firewall.

Reviewer: The ...tool ;)

> - The iptables firewall module now installs the `nixos-firewall-tool` which allows the user to easily temporarily open ports through the firewall.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I can see where it comes from. And I agree if it had said "now installs the `nixos-firewall` tool", but not when "tool" is part of the name :-)

(Btw, I'm not a native english speaker, so my suggestion might be off.)

> - The iptables firewall module now installs the `nixos-firewall-tool` which allows the user to easily temporarily open ports through the firewall.

Reviewer: I think we're well into bikeshedding territory. I'll leave it up to the release notes editor.
